Prohibit BuildServiceProviders in configuration cache fingerprint (#24099)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/running-builds/configuration_cache.adoc

<2> Define the variable in a smaller scope.

See link:{gradle-issues}22879[gradle/gradle#22879].

[[config_cache:not_yet_implemented:build_services_in_fingerprint]]
=== Using build services to invalidate the configuration cache

> Currently, it is not possible to use a `BuildServiceProvider` or provider derived of it with `map` or `flatMap` as a parameter for the `ValueSource`, if the value of the `ValueSource` is accessed at configuration time.

Reviewer: 💄 
```suggestion
Currently, it is impossible to use a `BuildServiceProvider` or provider derived from it with `map` or `flatMap` as a parameter for the `ValueSource`, if the value of the `ValueSource` is accessed at configuration time.
```

> The same applies such `ValueSource` is obtained in a task that executes as part of configuration phase, for example tasks of the `buildSrc` build or included builds contributing plugins.

Reviewer: 💄 
```suggestion
The same applies such as `ValueSource` is obtained in a task that executes as part of the configuration phase, for example, tasks of the `buildSrc` build or included builds contributing plugins.
```

Author: @hythloda thank you for the review, I'll apply your suggestions in a follow-up PR.

Regarding this one, I missed a conjunction here, and intended to write "The same applies when such a ValueSource". Is it correct?
